Typo fix (#7879)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/pages/platform/debugging-pages.md

1. Log in to your Github account.
2. Go to **Settings**  from your user icon > find **Applications** under Integrations.
3. Find **Cloudflare Pages** > **Configure** > scroll down and select **Uninstall**.

> 4. Read the repository on the Cloudflare dashboard. 

Reviewer: It was actually just missing the dash
```suggestion
4. Re-add the repository on the Cloudflare dashboard. 
```

> 4. Re-add the repository on the Cloudflare dashboard. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Re-authorize your Github user/organisation on the Cloudflare dashboard. 
```
